hi friends now we are quick
go through the programs and games for ios
who are now completely depreciated
that is, Stalin's time is absolutely
free first we look at the game
tennis from the face is a nice arcade game on
all known topics when you need to
single shot get hit immediately by
several targets earlier in a similar
toys we shot zombies and now
throw tennis balls to clowns in essence
this is a clone but quite playable let's go
further suddenly became free
cartoon shooter call me ni de but hunter
the progenitor of whom appeared even in
iphone firmware times with 20
in fact, everything is clear enough
Cannon run on level with 2
virtual joysticks and figachim
dinosaurs rush on
next we have a cool timer to he was blowing
with it you can keep track of time
performing some task or for
the time that is left before any
events such as the long-awaited party
after 15 days
we drive in all the data here we put
alerts and watch how time runs
Looks very good yet discover
very cool music app
which we dedicated to iphones.ru
whole review
the program analyzes your music
preferences throws you a selection
similar musicians who can then
merge into groups audition them
tracks buy in aytyuns and so on in
completely free
mast hev
the price of m plus pro has dropped 10 dollars
to zero a few days ago
but I could not tell you about it
great customer to communicate in
most popular social networks
including a sequel skype VKontakte and
other
moderately comfortable so far in the antediluvian
design but still functional
by the way this is the only client for skype
who worked on beta firmware versions
ios 7
thanks for watching friends
subscribe to our channel and see you soon
meeting bye